Leap (#496)
SteamDatabase/FileDetectionRuleSets: descriptions/SDK.Leap.md

> The Leap Motion SDK is a controller-free hand tracking and haptics software by [**Ultraleap**](https://www.ultraleap.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Leap Motion SDK](https://developer.leapmotion.com/) is a controller-free hand tracking and haptics software by Ultraleap
```
